the skins so on right
these over here
get down here right
and use most most of it here in tax
right it's nice long strokes here
right here that right and then right
down the skin close to the skin as
possible here
we probably scrape a little bit off
there so they have too many tendons in
it right with this you want to cut it on
a diagonal right with the lines so the
lines here with the blends of your knife
right this is with the green right I'm
going to take it over we're gonna go
this way against the grain X right you
gotta make on the right side and X also
okay so you know you're kind of right
right so we'll do a little bit giddy
here and I'll do the rest lucky me
just to show you the angle of the cuts
with the tuna right thank you that nice
color yeah this is like this is true
butter here this is what you can have
all day long oil content in this this
amazing stuff right and learn appreciate
this one take your time when you order
this in the sushi bars this is the filet
mignon with the animal right here right
do that right there I'm gonna take this
side again like I said straight down
right got like a half inch cuts nice
long strokes right so all the way down
let's go all the way down this is what
you want this is you want to put any
spicy on this very little wasabi very
little soy sauce